---
layout: post
title: Week Log 1
subtitle: Thoughts and things I've learned this week.
summary: Thoughts and things I've learned this week.
image: /img/numerals/I.png
share-img: /img/numerals/I_card.png
tags: [week log]
comments: true
---

I was inspired to do this weekly round-up of thougths and learning by a former colleague, [Matt Ballantine](https://twitter.com/ballantine70), who's been doing his "[weeknotes](https://mmitii.mattballantine.com/2020/11/27/weeknote-512-forties/)" for quite some time now. Over 500 entries! As someone who _wants_ to write, but struggles to commit to it, I figured that focing myself to form a habit like this would be a good thing. I'm hoping it will help in a number of ways:

- Documenting my weeks; making it easier to reflect back on things I've learned.
- Build my confidence in writing and sharing. I enjoy it, but the fear of judgement often stops me from even starting.
- Help to establish routine, which helps me manage my time - knowing I need to take a moment out of the week to take stock of what's been going on can only be a good thing. Not least for my mental health; especially with COVID-19 messing everything up for everyone.

So then, to my first entry. What have I learned this week?

1. Taking time out is important, even if it's hard to let go sometimes. The work will always be there for you when you get back.

2. [Streaming](https://twitch.tv/JimAmp) games is fun - interacting with people as you play is rewarding. But it's also easy to burn the candle at both ends, and I need to balance my gaming time with my need for sleep!

3. It takes time to adjust to new keyboards. I got a new mechanical keyboard this week (the [Ducky Shine 7](https://www.duckychannel.com.tw/en/Ducky-Shine7)) and whilst it's beautiful, it's a bit different to its predecessor and I'm making more mistakes as a result. I know this will pass as I get used to it, but I hate that feeling of starting over. It's an upgrade, but I do miss the worn, smooth keys of the outgoing unit...

4. Change takes time, it's scary for people, and you won't please everyone.

5. Negotiating with young children is impossible.

6. Mr Kipling and M&S are current front-runners for this year's best mince pies.